Please click on the outputs button for Step 8.
And we'll look at what our go to market strategy reps going to look like.
If you've written anything it will appear here you've got your online distribution than your online
distribution your direct or indirect and then your costs to distribution it's pretty short section.
We'll talk about the expenses for everything of course.
In Step 12.
And if you want what I've done is I've kind of set this up I've modularized it so if you want to and
it takes awhile to minimizers there's a lot of details in the spreadsheet but you'll be able to see
them all stacked on top of each other like this which will come in helpful when we look at the final
outputs where I allow you to stack in group and ungroup everything in your document so that we have
a really nice high level perspective of what our final business plan will look at we'll see the forest
for the trees.
I will see you in step 9 where we will talk about sales and marketing.
Thanks.